1x2-tisch
2x2-tisch
2x4-tisch
3x3-tisch
abenteuerlicher jugendlicher
abenteuerlustiger exzentriker
abenteuerlustiger jugendlicher
abenteurer
absturz-jugendlicher
abtrünniger
abtrünniger ingenieur
ackerbauer
adliger
adliger schutzbefohlener
affe
agarilux
agent
ahorn
akademiestudent
akolyth
akrobat
aktivist
alchemist
alchemistenlehrling
alkoholabhängiger trucker
alkoholiker
alphabiber
alphathrumbo
altruist
amateur-astronom
amateurbotaniker
amateuringenieur
ambrosiabusch
ameisenbaum
anarchist
anarchistischer rebell
anführer
angehender künstler
angehender pop-star
angeheuerter assassine
angeheuerter schläger
ängstlicher jugendlicher
ängstlicher koch
anima-baum
animus-stein
antiker
antiker laternenmast
antiker soldat
antimaterie-sprengkopf
anwalt
anwärter
apokalypse-jugendlicher
apokalypse-überlebender
arbeiter
arbeitslagersklave
arbeitslager-waisenjunge
arbeitsplatz
archäologe
architekt
archotech-arm
archotech-spion
arenakämpfer
armeekoch
armer jugendlicher
aromatherapeut
artefaktjäger
artist
arzt
asperger-rebell
assassine
assistent
assistenzarzt
ästhetischer formgeber
astronom
athlet
attentäter
aufklärungsscharfschütze
aufrechter diplomat
aufstrebender physiker
ausgesetzter
ausgesetzter jugendlicher
ausgestoßener
ausrüstungszersetzer
außenseiter
außenweltler
außerweltlicher rekrut
austauschschüler
auszubildender
auto-impuls-turm
auto-inferno-turm
autokanonenturm
auto-mörser
bad doc
balg
balletttänzer
bambus
bandenanführer
bandit
banker
barkeeper
baron
bastard
bauarbeiter
bauer
bauernjunge
bauingenieur
baumeister
beamter
begabter hacker
begabter hinterwäldler
begabter jugendlicher
begabter pest-jugendlicher
bengel
berater
bergarbeiter
berserker
berserkermeister
bestatter
bestienmeister
biestschlächter
bildhauer
billardtisch
biologe
bionischer arm
bionischer magen
biorhythmus-assistent
biorhythmus-halbierer
biosphärenverwalter
bison
blackjackspieler
blitzsturm
blumentopf
blutrünstiger wanderer
blutrünstiger zahnarzt
blutspieler
blutspiel-überlebender
bock
bodyguard
bodyguardlehrling
bogenmeister
bogenschütze
bohrarm
bomber
bordellhelfer
bösewicht
boss
botaniker
brandgeschosswerfer
brandladung
briefträger
brutaler dieb
bücherwurm
buchhalter
büchsenmacher
bummler
bunker-jugendlicher
bürgerlicher baron
bürgerlicher erbe
bürokrat
busch
büßer
butler
chef
chefingenieur
chefkoch
chemiker
chirurg
clanchef
computer
computernerd
computertechniker
countdown-aktivator
cowboyhut
damenhut
dampfwelt-tüftler
datendekodierer
deathjack
dekodierer
delinquent
denker
deserteur
designer
detektiv
dieb
diener
dilettant
diplomat
disziplinierter farmer
doktor
donnerer
doomsday-raketenwerfer
doppelschlafplatz
doppelschlafsack
dorfbewohner
dornenstrauch
drachenbaum
dreck
dreifach-raketenwerfer
drogenkurier
drogenleutnant
drogenmann
dromedar-ritter
dschungel-jugendlicher
dude
duellant
eber
ehrgeiziger ingenieur
einfacher labortisch
einfacher nähtisch
einsamer reisender
eintopfhüter
einzelgänger
einziger überlebender
eisbär
eisgeborener
eisplanet-jugendlicher
eisweltüberlebender
elch
elefant
elefantenstoßzahn
elektrischer nähtisch
elektroherd
elektroschmelzofen
elite-söldner
eltex-helm
eltex-stab
emi-generator
empath
emp-granatwerfer
emp-grenadier
emu
energieforscher
energieschildgürtel
energischer pop-star
engagierter student
entdecker
entehrter offizier
enterich
entflohener
entflohener strafgefangener
entführter
entgiftungsmagen
enthaltsamer priester
entlassener soldat
entlauber
entwickler
erbe
eremit
erfinder
erleuchter
esel
ex-beamter
exilant
exotischer koch
experimenteller sklave
experimenteller soldat
exzentriker
fabeldichter
fabrikarbeiter
fabrikationstisch
fahnenflüchtiger soldat
fanboy
farmer
farmersklave
fauler programmierer
feindliche antiker
feldtechniker
feldwebel
feudaler bauernjunge
feudaler junker
feuerbomber
feuergeschädigter
feuergeschädigter jugendlicher
feuerhüter
firmenbauarbeiter
firmenforscher
firmensklave
flachbildfernseher
flaneur
flaschenbauch
flaschenhals
fleischer
fliegerass-pilot
flottenpfadfinder
flottentechnikoffizier
flottenwissenschaftler
flüchtiger
flüchtling
flügelstürmer
flugverkehrsleiter
foltermeister
former
forscher
frachterpilot
fraktionsführer
freibauer
freidenker
friedlicher stamm
frischling
frommer soldat
fuchspelz
funke
galaktischer page
game-dev
gamer
gangboss
gang-soldat
gangster
gänserich
gärbottich
gärtner
gastro-analysator
gauner
gebrochener soldat
gedankenloser
gedankenloser assassine
gefangener
gefechtsmechaniker
gefühlloser doktor
gefürchteter dude
geglätteter granit
geglätteter kalkstein
geglätteter marmor
geglätteter sandstein
geglätteter schiefer
geheimagent
gelehrter
general
genetiker
genetik-wissenschaftler
gentechniker
geologe
geringverdiener
gesandter
gesandter der sterne
geschäftsführer
geschäftsgangster
geschichtenerzähler
geschichtenschreiber
geschichtsstudent
gesegneter
gesegneter jugendlicher
gesetzloser
gewiefter gauner
gewürzminenarbeiter
geysir
gezüchteter
gezüchteter assassine
gezüchteter firmenstudent
gezüchteter jugendlicher
gezüchteter sanitäter
gezüchteter sklavenjunge
gezüchteter soldat
gezüchteter wissenschaftler
gießereiarbeiter
gießereilehrling
giftgärtner
giftgenerator
giftiger niederschlag
giftzahn
gigolo
gladiator
gladius
glitzerweltempath
glitzerweltenchirurg
glitzerwelt-hochgeborener
glitzerwelt-jugendlicher
glitzerwelt-nerd
glitzerweltoffizier
glücklichmacher
glücklichmacher-künstler
glücklichmacher-süchtiger
glücksspieler
gnombiologe
g-nome-bildhauer
gouverneur
gräber
graf
grafikdesigner
granit
granitbrocken
grenadier
grenzmarschall
griff
grimmiger stamm
grizzlybär
grobschlächtiger bauarbeiter
großer naturschrein
grubenkämpfer
gunlink
hacker
hahn
handlanger
händler
handwerker
handwerksexperte
hase
hauer
häuptling
hauptteil
hausdiener
hausmann
hausmeister
heckenschütze
hedgefond-manager
heeresfeldwebel
heiler
heilungsverstärker
held
helfer
helm
hengst
herdhüter
herpetologe
herrscher
hersteller
herumtreiber
herzog
hex-zellen-künstler
hierarch
high-tech-labortisch
hilfsarbeiter
hinterhalt
hinterwäldler
hirsch
hirte
hochgeborener
hochgeborener baron
hochstapler
hochstellarch
hochzeitsplatz
hocker
höhlenjugendlicher
höhlenkäfer
höhlenweltbehüter
höhlenwelterleuchter
höhlenweltgräber
holzfäller
holzfeuergenerator
holzherd
hooligan
hopfen
hufeisenstab
husky
huskywelpe
hüter
hypnokult-anführer
idealistischer kadett
illegaler schiffsbauer
immunisierungsverstärker
imperialer arbeiter
imperialer bürger
imperialer general
imperialer händler
imperialer student
imperialist
impulsblasterschuss
impulslanzenschuss
impulsschuss
inbrünstiger forscher
industriewaisenjunge
infanterie-ingenieur
infanterie-offizier
infanterie-sanitäter
infanterist
informationsmakler
ingenieur
ingenieurstudent
inquisitor
intimer attentäter
introvertierter
introvertierter jugendlicher
jade
jagender plünderer
jäger
jäger des königs
jägersmann
janitschar
jugendlicher
jugendlicher krimineller
jugendlicher soldat
junger affe
junger biber
junger dude
junger eber
junger eisbär
junger elch
junger elefant
junger emu
junger forscher
junger gangster
junger grizzly
junger hacker
junger hase
junger hirsch
junger höhlenkäfer
junger husky
junger indwelt-obdachloser
junger kasuar
junger kater
junger knappe
junger kultist
junger labrador-retriever
junger leguan
junger luchs
junger meister
junger muffalo
junger obdachloser
junger panther
junger pirat
junger polarfuchs
junger polarwolf
junger psychologe
junger puma
junger riesenskarabäus
junger rotfuchs
junger schneehase
junger sklave
junger soldat
junger spion
junger steinbock
junger stier
junger strauß
junger thrumbo
junger timberwolf
junger truthahn
junger urbwelt-obdachloser
junger waffennarr
junger warg
junger waschbär
junger wissenschaftler
junger wüstenfuchs
junger yorkshire terrier
junges rentier
junghahn
junker
juwelier
kadett
kakaobaum
kalkstein
kalksteinbrocken
kammerjäger
kämpfer
kampfingenieur
kampfmedizintechniker
kampfsanitäter
kampfunterhändler
kanonier
kapitän
kaplan
kapselhersteller
karawanenjugendlicher
karawanenreisender
karawanist
kasuar
kataphrakt
kataphrakthelm
katastrophenüberlebender
kater
katzenhirte
katzenwissenschaftler
kern-dilettant
kernwelt-juwelier
kernwelt-student
kiefer
ki-forscher
kinderstar
ki-programmierer
ki-spion
klassenclown
kleiner naturschrein
kleinstadtjugendlicher
klimaregulator
klinkenstecker-süchtiger
klon
kloner
klon-farmer
klosterjugendlicher
knappe
knastbruder
knie-stachel
knochensammler
knüppel
koch
kolonialer gouverneur
kolonieingenieur
koloniejugendlicher
koloniepionier
kolonist
kolosseumskämpfer
kolosseumsreiniger
komajugendlicher
kommissar
königlicher bastard
königlicher koch
königlicher masseur
königlicher wächter
konsul
konzeptkünstler
konzernarbeiter
konzernmanager
konzern-problemlöser
kopf
kopfgeldjäger
kosmetik-verweigerer
kostümbildner
kostümierer
kraftstoff
kraftstoffgenerator
krankenpfleger
kränklicher anwalt
kränklicher jugendlicher
kränklicher lügner
kräutersammler
krieger
kriegsbastard
kriegsflüchtiger
kriegsgefangener
kriegshammer
kriegshäuptling
kriegsherr
kriegshetzer
kriegsjugendlicher
kriegsschiffskapitän
kriegsschleier
kriegswaisenjunge
krimineller
krimineller chirurg
kuhzüchter
kultist
kundenberater
kunstexzentriker
künstler
kunstmäzen
kunstsklave
kunststudent
kurier
kurzbogen
kurzbogenpfeil
labiler fleischer
labortechniker
labrador-retriever
labrador-retriever welpe
ladenjugendlicher
landadliger
landarbeiter
ländlicher jugendlicher
landmaschinenmechaniker
landwirt
langbogen
langbogenpfeil
langbogenschütze
langstreckenscanner
lanzer
lauf
laufbursche
leerraum-plünderer
legaler hacker
leguan
lehrer
lehrling
leibwächter
leichter impulsblaster
leiter
lernassistent
leuchtstuhl
linguist
linieninfanterist
linken fuß
linken huf
logiker
logisch denkender jugendlicher
löschschaum
löschschaumwerfer
löwenzahn
loyaler janitschar
luchs
lügner
machtbesessener gelehrter
mafiaboss
mais
makler
manager
marine-helm
marinekadett
marinesoldat
marmor
marmorbrocken
marschall
maschinenbauingenieur
maschinenreparierer
maschinensammler
maschinist
masseur
materialformer
mathematiker
mäzen
mechacker
mechanerd
mechaniker
mechanoid
mechanoidenhacker
mechanoiden-nerd
mech-boden-schild
mech-fertiger
mech-krieg-veteran
mech-luft-schild
meditationsplatz
meditationsthron
medizinhelfer
medizinstudent
medizinwissenschaftler
meister
meisterhändler
meisterkoch
meisterspion
menagerie-wärter
mensch
menschenhändler
menschlicher computer
merkwürdiger nerd
metallschrott
meteorit (ankommend)
meuternder kapitän
mikrobiologe
militanter jugendlicher
militäringenieur
militärischer auszubildender
militärischer büchsenmacher
militärischer erfinder
militärischer jugendlicher
militärischer offizier
militärischer rekrut
militärischer urbweltbengel
militärkadett
militärkaplan
militärkoch
militärwissenschaftler
milizagent
milizsoldat
minenarbeiter
mini-kugelwerfer
mini-kugelwerfer-turm
minister
minnesänger
missionar
mittelalter-bauer
mittelalter-dieb
mittelalter-junker
mittelalter-knappe
mittelalter-lord
mittelalter-minnesänger
mittelalter-nomade
mittelalter-pflüger
mittelalter-quacksalber
mittelalter-ritter
mittelalter-seefahrer
mittelalter-sklave
mittwelt-computernerd
mittwelt-einzelgänger
mittwelt-kadett
mittwelt-seemann
mittwelt-skizzenzeichner
modder
mod-entwickler
molotowcocktail
monteur
mörder
mörser
muffalo
muffalo-forscher
muffalo-schamane
müll
multi-analysator
muntermacher
musikalischer jugendlicher
musiker
musikstar
mutiger krieger
mysteriöser fremder
nachttisch
nachzügler
näherungsaktivator
nährstoffpastenspender
naturalist
nerd
nervennagel
netzwerktechniker
neuer stamm
neugieriger
neugieriger jugendlicher
neurorechner
neurowissenschaftler
neuzeitlicher duellant
nicht-nebelig auslösen
ninja
nomade
nuklearmagen
oberster diener
ober-urbe
ober-urbweltler
ödland-wanderer
offizier
offiziersanwärter
optimist
optimistischer jugendlicher
orakellehrling
orbitalreservist
organspender
ornamentalist
ornamenthersteller
osteologe
page
panther
parka
partikelphysiker
partyplatz
patient
pemmikan
persona-kern
persona-zeushammer
pestdoktor
pest-jugendlicher
pestüberlebender
pfadfinder
pflanzensammler
pflüger
philosoph
physiker
pikenier
pilot
pilot-fan
pionier
pirat
piratendoktor
piratenkapitän
piratenkönig
piratenschütze
piratensoldat
piratensympathisant
pizza-fan
planetarischer bergarbeiter
planetarischer diplomat
planetenzerstörer
plastahl
plünderer
plünderer der leere
plünderschläger
plünderschütze
pokertisch
polarfuchs
polarfuchswelpe
polarwolf
polarwolfswelpe
politiker
politischer aktivist
politischer assassine
politischer gefangener
politkommissar
polizist
pop-idol-pirat
pop-star
prätor
prediger
priester
prinz
privatdetektiv
privilegierter
privilegierter begabter jugendlicher
privilegierter jugendlicher
problemlöser
produzent
professioneller spieler
professor
pro-gamer
programmierer
projekt-untergebener
propagandist
prostituierter
prostituierter star
prothesenchirurg
prunkvoller meditationsthron
psychiatriepatient
psychischer folienhelm
psychischer gedankenleser
psychischer harmonisierer
psychischer sensibilisator
psychischer strahler
psychisches brummen
psychit-tee
psycho-brummer
psychologe
psychologiestudent
psycho-unterdrücker
psylink-neuroformer
puma
punker
pyro
pyro-assistent
pyromane
quacksalber
rächer
rachsüchtiger
rachsüchtiger jäger
rachsüchtiger jugendlicher
rachsüchtiger nomade
rachsüchtiger reisender
raketeningenieur
raketenpionier
ranger
ratsvorsitzender
räuber
räuberkönig
rauch
rauchblatt-joint
rauchgenerator
rauchgranatenwerfer
rauch-grenadier
raumfahrer-waisenjunge
raumfahrt-ingenieur
raumschiffchefkoch
raumschiffhausmeister
raumschiffverkäufer
raumstationskoch
rebell
rebellischer jugendlicher
rebellischer kämpfer
rebellischer schreiber
rebellischer sklave
rebellischer student
rechteckauslöser
rechten fuß
rechten huf
recon-helm
recurvebogen
recurvebogenpfeil
regent
regierungsagent
reicher jugendlicher
reicher junge
reichsinquisitor
reichspriester
reiniger
reis
reisender
reisender handwerker
reisender jugendlicher
rekrut
rekrutierer
religiöser empath
religiöser hierarch
rennfahrer
renommierter professor
rentier
reparierer
reporter
reptilienforscher
reservist
restaurator
revolver
revolverheld
riesenflachbildfernseher
riesenkaktus
riesenskarabäus
ritter
ritual-jugendlicher
robotiker
rocketeer
röhrenfernseher
romanschriftsteller
rotfuchs
rotfuchswelpe
rugby-spieler
ruhigmachender psychoimpulsgeber
sammler
sand
sandstein
sandsteinbrocken
sanierungskapitän
sanitäter
sarkophag
schachmeister
schachtisch
schaft
schamane
scharfschütze
schattenschamane
schatzsucher
schauspieler
scheuer begabter jugendlicher
scheuer jugendlicher
schiefer
schieferbrocken
schiffbrüchiger
schiffsbauer
schiffscomputerkern
schiffsgebundener junker
schiffsjugendlicher
schiffsjunge
schiffsknacker
schiffslord
schiffsreaktor
schiffstechniker
schiffsträger
schildkern
schildkrötenhirte
schlächter
schlachtplatz
schlafplatz
schlafsack
schläger
schleim
schleuser
schmerzstopper
schmied
schmiedelehrling
schmuggler
schnabel
schnapskönig
schneehase
schneemann
schnitter
schnitzer
schnorrer
schönheitschirurg
schreibender forscher
schreiber
schriftsteller
schrotflintenschuss
schrottplatzmechaniker
schüler
schulhof-außenseiter
schulhofschläger
schutt
schutzhelm
schwerer impulsblaster
schwerer söldner
seefahrer
seemann
selbstloser jäger
sentimentaler jugendlicher
sergeant
serienmörder
sessel
sexsklave
sexverstärker
shadow-marinesoldat
sheriff
simulant
sklave
sklavenchemiker
sklavenjunge
skrupelloser arzt
slider
softwareentwickler
sohn einer jägerin
sohn eines bauern
sohn eines diplomaten
sohn eines händlers
sohn eines rangers
sohn eines schmieds
sohn eines soldaten
sohn eines verbrecherbosses
sohn von herumtreibern
soldat
soldat einer spezialeinheit
söldner
söldneranführer
söldnerboss
söldnerkapitän
söldner-koch
söldnerpilot
söldnerrekrut
söldnerscharfschütze
söldnerschlitzer
söldnerschütze
sonnenblocker
sozialer außenseiter
sozialer helfer
sozialstudent
späher
speeder-rennfahrer
speer
spezialist
spieleentwickler
spielefanatiker
spieletester
spion
sprachanalytiker
sprengmeister
sprengstoffexperte
staatlicher ingenieur
staatsdiener
städtischer junker
stadtlord
stadtrat
stadtwächter
stahl
stalljunge
stallknecht
stammesdonnerer
stammesjugendlicher
standhafter farmer
star
stationswachmann
stationswelpe
staubiger stallknecht
staubmantel
steinbock
stellarch
stellarer pirat
stellischer beschützer
stellischer wächter
sternenakolyt
sternenarmee-kadett
sternenjägerpilot
sternenknappe
sternenritter
sternenschiffsarzt
stiel
stier
stiller nerd
stoff
stoßtruppensoldat
stoßtruppler
stoßzahn
strahlenangriff
straßenjunge
straßenverkäufer
strauß
streitkolben
stromschalter
student
stuhl
stummer
stummer jugendlicher
sturmsoldat
suchtberater
suchti
süchtiger
supersoldat
systematiker
systemherrscher
systemingenieur
tagelöhner
taktiker
tänzer
taschendieb
teakbaum
tech-doc
tech-enthusiast
tech-gelehrter
tech-nerd
techniker
technikfreak
technik-freak
techniknerd
technikoffizier
technischer jugendlicher
technisierter pilot
technologie-doktor
techprof-subpersona-kern
tester
theatertechniker
therapeut
thrumbo
tiefenbohrer
tiefenscanner
tierarzt
tierbeeinflussender psychoimpulsgeber
tierhalter
tierlabortechniker
tierpfleger
tierplatz
tierschmutz
timberwolf
timberwolfswelpe
titelverleiher
toaster-mechaniker
tornado
tourist
toxischer jugendlicher
tragant
tragischer einzelgänger
traumatisierter jugendlicher
träumer
treffsicherer komajugendlicher
trichter
truthahn
tüftler
tunnel
tunnelgräber
turner
turnierkämpfer
überlebender
umerzogener
umerzogener jugendlicher
umhang
unendlicher kraftstoffreaktor
unerwünschter überlebender
unfertiger gürtel
unfreiwilliger eremit
untergebener
unterhändler
unternehmensstudent
unternehmer
uran
urangeschossturm
urbweltarbeiter
urbwelt-hooligan
urbweltjugendlicher
urbweltkrimineller
urbwelt-politiker
urbwelt-rebell
urbwelt-sergeant
urbwelt-sexsklave
urbweltunternehmer
urbwelt-vollstrecker
urbwelt-zuhälter
ureinwohner
vagabund
verängstigter
verbannter
verbannter forscher
verbannter prinz
verbrannter baum
verbrecherboss
verbrecherfürst
verfluchter
verfluchter jugendlicher
verglühender boden-schild
verhaltensforscher
verkäufer
verlassener
verlassener jugendlicher
verlorener
verlorener marinesoldat
verlorener schüler
verlorener soldat
vermesser
verräter
verrückter buchhalter
verrückter erfinder
verrückter wissenschaftler
verteidigungsanwalt
vertriebener adliger
vertriebener soldat
verwaister akrobat
verweigerer
verwöhnter jugendlicher
verwöhnter prinz
verzogener bengel
verzogener jugendlicher
veteran
videoproduzent
videospieler
vidtuber
viehzüchter
vielseitiger arbeiter
vinho-könig
vitalmonitor
vollstrecker
vorhang
vorkoster
vornehmer kataphrakthelm
vornehmer marine-helm
vornehmer recon-helm
vr-entwickler
vr-süchtiger
vulkanischer winter
wachmann
wächter
wachturmscharfschütze
waffenhändler
waffennarr
waffenschmied
waisenjunge
wald-jugendlicher
waldmensch
wanderer
wanderheiler
warg
wargwelpe
waschbär
wasserradgenerator
weber
weggelaufener tänzer
wegpunkt
wegwerfmensch
weinläufer
weiser
welpe
weltenbummler
weltenspringer
weltraum-barkeeper
weltraumemigrant
weltraumentdecker
weltraum-fanboy
weltraum-flottendoktor
weltraum-flottentechniker
weltraumforscher
weltraumhändler
weltraumhumanist
weltraumjäger
weltraumkadett
weltraum-marinesanitäter
weltraum-marinesoldat
weltraum-minenarbeiter
weltraum-nerd
weltraumpirat
weltraumräuber
weltraumschmuggler
weltraumtaktiker
weltraumtechniker
weltraumvermesser
weltraumyacht-pilot
weltuntergangsaußenseiter
werkzeugmechaniker
werkzeugschrank
wiederaufbereitungsmagen
wilder
wilder jugendlicher
wilder mann
wilder mensch
wilder stamm
wildhüter
wissenschaftler
wissenschaftsbegabter jugendlicher
wissenshüter
wohlhabender student
wolfsrudelwelpe
wrackforscher
wurfarm
wurfsteinring
wüstenfuchs
wüstenfuchswelpe
wütender schüler
yak
yorkshire terrier
yorkshire terrier welpe
zähmer
zahnarzt
zeichner
zerstörer-general
zeushammer
ziegenbock
zimmerer
zirkusartist
zoowärter
züchter
zuhälter
zurückgezogener
zwergkaktus
zylinder
